Add DevTools-X (#93)
tauri-apps/awesome-tauri: README.md

- [Padloc](https://github.com/padloc/padloc) - Modern, open source password manager for individuals and teams.
- [Ghorbu Wallet](https://github.com/matthias-wright/ghorbu-wallet) - Cross-platform desktop HD wallet for Bitcoin.
- [Stable Diffusion Buddy](https://github.com/breadthe/sd-buddy) - Desktop UI companion for the self-hosted Mac version of Stable Diffusion.

> - [DevTools-X](github.com/fosslife/devtools-x) - Cross-platform collection of development utils, all in one place

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [DevTools-X](https://github.com/fosslife/devtools-x) - Cross-platform collection of development utilities, all in one place.
```
